these little women Wow
you liking it huh oh yeah Amy just
burned Jo's manuscript I don't see how
he could ever forgive her Joe's a girl
it's short for Josephine but Jo's got a
crush on Lori you mean it's like a
girl-girl thing cuz that is the one
thing missing from the shining actually
Lori's a boy I won the rates letter read
this so many times
hey hey hey how'd the basketball go oh
okay I learned how to shoot a layup a
foul shot and a 20 three-pointer
you mean a three-pointer oh I get more
because I'm dainty so is there a phone
here I can check my messages yeah in the
back do you want a quarter oh no thanks
I always carry one of my stock
what are you doing get back over on your
side of the
all right Joey we haven't met good to
meet you Robert why are you laughing
come down there's no reason to get testy
we're sorry we're sorry it just seems
that Robert isn't as concealed in the
shorts area as one may have hoped hey
Robert
could you uh pass me those cookies
sure
hey stretchy pants well those are the
greatest things in the world if I were
you I'd wear them every day every day
geez thank you really that's mm that's
so nice but um to be honest I don't
think I can wear these they're so tight
I feel like I'm on display I'm sorry
hey hey Rach how you doing with the
shining Oh Danny just went into room 217
ooh
the next parts the best when that dead
lady in the bathtub all right
I'll talk in code remember when the kid
sees those two blanks in the hallway
it's very cool all blank and no blank
makes blank I'll point clay oh no no no
the end when Jack almost kills them all
with that blank but then in the last
second they get away oh you just did
that I can't believe she cracked your
code
all right okay Laurie proposes to Jo and
she says no even though she's still in
love with him and then he ends up
marrying Amy hey mine was by accident
all right
the boiler explodes and destroys the
hotel and kills the dad Beth dies
Beth dies is that true if I keep reading
this both gonna die no that doesn't die
she doesn't die
does she Rachel what Joey's asking if
you've just ruined the first book he's
ever loved that didn't start Jack
Nicholson
no she doesn't die well why would you
say that because I wanted to hurt you oh
there they are
hi drop my keys